did you wash your hands with soap did
you dry them all vegetables all
vegetable I did so are we going to talk
about it what the elephant in the room
what elephant moms new job
it's time to make some wrong things
right help me bring supers back into the
sunlight we need to change people's
perceptions about superheroes and
Elastigirl is our best play better than
me I'll watch the kids no problem you're
supposed to do it dad they want us to do
it I don't know that way why would they
change math math is math yes hello hey
honey
everything's great
[Music]
in track track he's in excellent health
is freaky you know it's crazy right
to help my family I gotta leave it to
fix the law I gotta break it
you've got to boy kids can have that
choice thank you young man
combustion imminent what does that mean
it means fire Robert
the screen Slager interrupts this
program for an important announced it up
it might get weird I'll be there
[Music]